Intro updates (#1748)
ansible/aap-docs: stories/topics/ref-saas-egress-model.adoc

[id="ref-saas-egress-model"]
= Egress model or pull connectivity

Remote automation mesh nodes can poll the {PlatformNameShort} without needing to open ingress ports through the firewall, using a 'polling' or 'pull' model. 

> This model will eliminate the need to have hop nodes from your DMZ to private networks if private networks have outbound internet connectivity.

Author: DMZ here stands for  demilitarized zone which I think is less recognizable than the acronym.

> This model will eliminate the need to have hop nodes from your DMZ to private networks if private networks have outbound internet connectivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This model eliminates the need to have hop nodes from your DMZ to private networks if private networks have outbound internet connectivity.
```
